# 11 July, 2024

Today I began thinking about how I will document my work on this project. I find it funny that I always feel sorry for not documenting the first days of any project that I work on. At this point in time, it is not apparent that this is something I've been working on for months. Fun fact: I'm seven months deep into the topic of programmatically generating guilloche.

Anyways, things are always better late than never.

Today, I have a few objectives on my mind:
- Implement a dropdown menu that allows the user to switch the type of curve being generated
- Implement a .gcode exporter
- Explore methods to set line width based on a user-configured cut width

## Implement a dropdown menu that allows the user to switch the type of curve being generated
### Pre-programming
My first thought is to restructure the functions and code entirely. Before I touch the code, I think the best way to complete this objective is to:
- Create individual functions to generate each type of curve (get_hypotrochoid, get_hypocycloid, get_epicycloid, etc...)
- Utilize a handful of global variables, such as
  - shapetype - self explanitory
  - shape - used to store the generated shape, regardless of type

### Programming
I originally started by defining the variables, but the changes that I would have to make in the functions below would be insane. Instead, I will start by making the dropdown and test its behavior, and then implement a global variable for shape type. Then, I will make a function for a hypotrochoid. It takes the same amount of arguments as the epitrochoid function. 

After implementing the combobox, I have noticed that the command evoked by interacting with the combobox runs before an option is selected rather than afterwards. I will need to figure out a way to get the behavior that I want. It can wait until tomorrow.